here we are back in pewter city as we
continue our journey and from here we're
gonna challenge the first gym leader
which is Brock and she's gonna have
nothing but rock pokémon so we have a
couple options first and foremost if you
need healing go to the Pokemon Center
and do that now there's the Mart if you
need a couple items probably some
potions you plug in and eat that and
this is kind of interesting here it's a
guy like standing on a giant deep pad on
the grass which is kind of funny it's
kind of like a little Easter Egg so
anyway if you try to leave town this
dude here tells you you're a trainer
right forth we are and then he says
Brock's looking for a challenge follow
me and then we have to follow him all
the way back to the gym and this is a
Pokemon gym where you fight some of the
most toughest trainers who then give you
a badge one of eight and they all have a
specialty Pokemon that they use this
one's gonna be a block pokemon trainer
and when you have all eight you can
challenge the pokémon league you
probably already know that but I just
thought I should throw it out there and
here we started with Charmander so it's
gonna be the biggest challenge because
he's his fire-type moves are not very
effective although here on fire and
there is a new addition to the game
which was not in the original blue or
red version or green if you played that
so yeah it makes it a lot easier but
still it is gonna be harder than all the
others so a level 13 Charmander learns
metal claw and metal claw it's unique to
fire red because it was not in the
original red version or blue version as
you all know probably there was no steel
type Pokemon and therefore no steel-type
moves so it made it even like 10 times
harder to start off with Charmander and
the
original games here on the remake
Charmander learns of metal cloth at
level 13 and steel moves are gonna help
you a ton here so go ahead and use metal
club you have Charmander it's gonna be
super effective it's still a pretty weak
move however so it doesn't help you like
a ton so I'll do like a comparison here
like if you use Ember not very effective
but it still does a pretty decent chunk
compared to a move that's super
effective so yeah but yeah metal cloth
still a little bit better so we'll go
ahead and use metal claw I would
recommend if you start off with
Charmander to be at least level 14
because this is a gym battle and the
Pokemon are giving me a little bit
higher level than anything you've seen
thus far so Sandshrew is a ground type
so he's not a rock type and on ground
type you can use Ember because it's not
gonna be not very effective so yeah go
ahead and use that on that and that
takes care of the pre battle usually in
gyms there's like a couple battles
Pokemon battles that you must do before
you get to the gym leader
all right so once we heal our Pokemon
we're gonna go ahead and head back over
there and back inside the gym now we're
gonna challenge him so this is Brock the
first Pokemon gym leader that we must
face and he's gonna have all Drock
Pokemon only two and so let's go ahead
and get started on him the first step on
his list is Geodude if you started off
with Bulbasaur or any of the ore or
squirtle it's gonna be a breeze
so there's not much of a challenge there
but here with Charmander there's a
unique new feature on the reef since
this is the remake that wasn't on the
original fire a regular red or blue
version and that's metal cloth because
on the original games there was no steel
type anything there's no steel type
Pokemon no steel-type moves but here on
the remake Charmander learns metal claw
which is a steel type at level 13 so
that's actually going to be pretty
useful it is super effective against
rock pokémon which makes it a lot easier
defeating Brock with Charmander on the
original red and blue or green and clear
that it was a nightmare trying to be him
with Charmander compared to how it is
now with the steel type move metal clock
it makes it a lot easier so next up on
his list is onyx
he's the snake a rock snake pokémon
she's pretty cool I actually like them
I would actually capture one had a if I
had the chance so yeah honest pretty
cool he evolved into a into a steel type
which is d Lakes and be careful with
onyx I'd already beat him pretty quickly
but be careful with onyx because he will
use Rock tomb and that's super effective
against Charmander he didn't get to use
it there cuz I dare to head ko with that
steel type move which made it a breeze
but yeah be careful with rock tune if
you have Charmander and as you can see
he's not too hard
he's actually pretty easy with
Charmander now that you have that steel
type move compared to how he was on the
original games so that's how you beat
him it'll be a lot easier with squirtle
or Bulbasaur like a hundred times easier
but yeah so then once you beat him he
gives you the boulder league or the
boulder badge for the Pokemon League and
it just makes it Pokemon more powerful
and it allows you to use flash outside
of that which you actually for need to
get first so Ken you don't automatically
learn it and yeah my tri mender is
evolving so let's go ahead and enjoy
this moment you might not want to evolve
your Pokemon at an early level but I was
like letting him level up the first
chance to get simply because lower I
mean raises their stats a lot so yeah
Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and
Charmeleon is a pretty cool Pokemon
I really like them it's like really
cool-looking and pretty strong and so
yeah and here
Brock is gonna give me tea and 39 he
gives you that technical machine which
you can teach to any Pokemon
and it contains I believe rock tune so
yeah Rock seems pretty cool it can lower
speed teach it to your rock pokémon I'll
probably teach it to a Geodude later on
and so that concludes that part that's
how you beat Brock he's not too hard it
shouldn't be too difficult and therefore
that concludes this part of video in the
next part of video we'll cover about
three and subscribe I'll talk to you
guys later